CONFIG.md, before:

# Input Configuration

For every problem, you have to create a _format_ file that will be used to run your code.

This file **must be a JSON** file, and you can find an example of the _format_ file [here](sample_format.json).

## Structure of the _format_ file

Format file is an array of objects, where each object represents a _single line_ of the input.

### Fields of the object

- `lineNumber` (int, required): The line number of the input.
- `inputType` (string, required): The type of the input. It can be one of the following:
  - `single`: A single value.
  - `array`: An array of values. (1-D or 2-D)
  - `graph`: A graph with multiple nodes and edges.
- `args` (object, required): Arguments for the `inputType`. It has values based on the `inputType`:
  - `single` (for numeric values):
    - `valueLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the value.
    - `valueUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the value.
  - `single` (for string values):
    - `length` (int, optional): The length of the value. (Default: 1)
    - `chars` (string, optional): The characters that can be used in the value. It can take at least one of the following values:
      - `lower`: Lowercase alphabetic characters (a-z)
      - `upper`: Uppercase alphabetic characters (A-Z)
      - `numeric`: Numbers (0-9)
      - `special`: Special characters (`!@#$%^&*()_+`)
      - `custom`: Custom characters, if used, then `customChars` is required.
        - `customChars` (list, required): The custom characters that can be used in the value.
  - `graph`:
    - `nodeLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the number of nodes.
    - `nodeUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the number of nodes.
    - `edgeLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the number of edges.
    - `edgeUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the number of edges.
    - `weightLowerBound` (int, optional): The lower bound of the weight of the edges. (Default: 1)
    - `weightUpperBound` (int, optional): The upper bound of the weight of the edges. (Default: 100)
    - `isDirected` (boolean, required): Whether the graph is directed or not.
    - `isWeighted` (boolean, required): Whether the graph is weighted or not.
    - `constraints` (list, optional): The constraints for the graph. It can take at least one of the following values:
      - `tree`: The graph is a tree.
      - `acyclic`: The graph is acyclic.
      - `bipartite`: The graph is bipartite.
      - `multi`: The graph can have multiple edges between two nodes. (can not be used with `tree` or `acyclic` constraints)
      - `self`: The graph can have self loops. (can not be used with `tree` or `acyclic` constraints)

Commit message:

structure: major changes (see the note below) - Fixed sum handling in array generator, it now chooses from unused set of indices. - Deleted `lineNumber` attribute and replaced it with `skipToNextLine`, whether to skip to a next line after the generation. - Added array description.

CONFIG.md, after:

# Input Configuration

For every problem, you have to create a _format_ file that will be used to run your code.

This file **must be a JSON** file, and you can find an example of the _format_ file [here](sample_format.json).

## Structure of the _format_ file

Format file is an array of objects, where each object represents a _single line_ of the input.

### Fields of the object

- `skipToNextLine` (bool, required): Whether to skip to the next line after this group or not.
- `inputType` (string, required): The type of the input. It can be one of the following:
  - `single`: A single value.
  - `array`: An array of values. (1-D or 2-D)
  - `graph`: A graph with multiple nodes and edges.
- `args` (object, required): Arguments for the `inputType`. It has values based on the `inputType`:
  - `single` (for numeric values):
    - `valueLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the value.
    - `valueUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the value.
  - `single` (for string values):
    - `length` (int, optional): The length of the value. (Default: 1)
    - `chars` (string, optional): The characters that can be used in the value. It can take at least one of the following values:
      - `lower`: Lowercase alphabetic characters (a-z)
      - `upper`: Uppercase alphabetic characters (A-Z)
      - `numeric`: Numbers (0-9)
      - `special`: Special characters (`!@#$%^&*()_+`)
      - `custom`: Custom characters, if used, then `customChars` is required.
        - `customChars` (list, required): The custom characters that can be used in the value.
  - `array`:
    - `dimensions` (list, required): The dimensions of the array.
    - `valueLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the value.
    - `valueUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the value.
    - `constraints`:
      - `unique`: All the values in the array should be unique.
      - `sorted_desc`: The values in the array should be sorted.
      - `sorted_asc`: The values in the array should be sorted in ascending order.
      Note: `sorted_desc` and `sorted_asc` can not be used together. (mutually exclusive)
  - `graph`:
    - `nodeLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the number of nodes.
    - `nodeUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the number of nodes.
    - `edgeLowerBound` (int, required): The lower bound of the number of edges.
    - `edgeUpperBound` (int, required): The upper bound of the number of edges.
    - `weightLowerBound` (int, optional): The lower bound of the weight of the edges. (Default: 1)
    - `weightUpperBound` (int, optional): The upper bound of the weight of the edges. (Default: 100)
    - `isDirected` (boolean, required): Whether the graph is directed or not.
    - `isWeighted` (boolean, required): Whether the graph is weighted or not.
    - `constraints` (list, optional): The constraints for the graph. It can take at least one of the following values:
      - `tree`: The graph is a tree.
      - `acyclic`: The graph is acyclic.
      - `bipartite`: The graph is bipartite.
      - `multi`: The graph can have multiple edges between two nodes. (can not be used with `tree` or `acyclic` constraints)
      - `self`: The graph can have self loops. (can not be used with `tree` or `acyclic` constraints)
